Zachary Davis 811960668, Drew Pledger, James Roach, Jack Peeples

Breakout Brainstorm 10-21-15

	Since the symbol portion of the chmod lab was so much more difficult then i assumed it would have 
been i have not had a chance to begin any of the other utilities for this project yet.  I will first spend
a little bit more time with the chmod() utility to perfect some minor errors i am getting and move that into
my project file.

	For the make directory utility i will implement a method similar to creating a file since a 
directory is just a special file.  I will also be using the make directory function that already exists.  I
will also need to check if the directory the user is trying to create already exists and if so tell them and
exit without changing anything.

	For the copy utility there will be two main parts.  One being copying the file in argv[1] to the 
file argv[2] and the other being copy the file in argv[1] to the directory argv[2].  I will also need to
make sure that these are recursive copies and that everything in directories being copied are also being 
copied.

	For the move utility it will be a lot like the copy utility with some minor alterations.  When the 
target file is made the source file needs to be removed recursively so that nothing is left from it and the
target file or directory needs to be copied recursively so that everything is moved not just the parent.

	For the list segments utility i will need to make sure the when the user types ls that is is as if 
they implemented the -l option from GNU’s version.  Other than that is i just using the stat struct to learn
the names of child files and doing a standard print with all of the files permissions and size etc.

	For the catenation utility i will be using methods very similar to that from lab06 with low-level
file io only this time there will be no use of nurses (thank god) and no need to edit.  Simply open with the
file descriptor and then read printing out to standard output then finally closing the file.  Only error
that you need to prepare for are opening/closing.